# CANE
Source code and datasets of ACL2017 paper: "CANE: Context-Aware Network  Embedding for Relation Modeling"

## Datasets
This folder "datasets" contains three datasets used in CANE, including Cora, HepTh and Zhihu. In each dataset, there are two files named "data.txt" and "graph.txt".

* data.txt: Each line represents the text information of a vertex.    
* graph.txt: The edgelist file of current social network.

Besides, there is an additional "group.txt" file in Cora.

* group.txt: Each vertex in Cora has been annotated with a label. This file can be used for vertex classification.

## Run
Run the following command for training CANE:

    python3 run.py --dataset [cora,HepTh,zhihu] --gpu gpu_id --ratio [0.15,0.25,...] --rho rho_value

For example, you can train like:

    python3 run.py --dataset zhihu --gpu 0 --ratio 0.55 --rho 1.0,0.3,0.3

## Experimental Results

The experimental results are generated by the newest version of codes:

|       | 0.15 | 0.25 | 0.35 | 0.45 | 0.55 | 0.65 | 0.75 | 0.85 | 0.95 |
| ----- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| cora  | 85.2 | 90.5 | 92.2 | 93.5 | 93.4 | 93.6 | 94.4 | 95   | 92.5 |
| HepTh | 85   | 89.7 | 91.7 | 95   | 94.4 | 94.2 | 95.1 | 95.8 | 93.1 |
| zhihu | 64.5 | 67.1 | 69.2 | 69.9 | 72   | 72.2 | 72.5 | 72.8 | 73.3 |

The experimental results for the cora citation graph with keyword/keyphrase extraction techniques: 

| T: 5  | 0.15 | 0.45 | 0.75 |
| ----- | ---- | ---- | ---- | 
| cora  | 84.6 | 92.9 | 94.1 |
| TFIDF | 64.6 | 77.2 | 88.2 |
| YAKE  | 71.5 | 80.6 | 86.2 |
| PRank | 76.8 | 90   | 93.9 |
| KBERT3| 74.4 | 87.4 | 90.5 |
|KBERT3G| 77.3 | 88   | 93   |

Time in seconds:

| T: 5  | 0.15 | 0.45 | 0.75 |
| ----- | ---- | ---- | ---- | 
| cora  | 42.1 | 113.4| 190  |
| TFIDF | 23.4 | 36.4 | 59.6 |
| YAKE  | 13.3 | 35.6 | 59.6 |
| PRank | 17   | 37.7 | 63.6 |
| KBERT3| 13.4 | 34.5 | 59.4 |
|KBERT3G| 12.7 | 35.6 | 57   |

## Dependencies

* Tensorflow == 1.11.0
* Scipy == 1.1.0
* Numpy == 1.16.2

## Cite
If you use the code, please cite this paper:

_Cunchao Tu, Han Liu, Zhiyuan Liu, Maosong Sun. CANE: Context-Aware Network  Embedding for Relation Modeling. The 55th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2017)._

For more related works on network representation learning, please refer to my [homepage](http://thunlp.org/~tcc/).
